# rriec
Residue Relative Interaction Entropy Contribution

The rriec script consists on a series of awk functions
that compute the Residue Relative Interaction Entropy Contribution (rriec)
from the residue decomposed energy interaction file generated by g_mmpbsa.

Details on this implementation can be found at:

Cavani, M.M.; Riofrío W.A.; Arciniega M. Molecular dynamics and MM-PBSA analysis of the SARS-CoV-2 gamma variant in complex with the hACE-2 receptor. Molecules
. 2022 Apr 6;27(7):2370. doi: 10.3390/molecules27072370.

Details regarding its theoretical background can be found at:

Sun, Z.; Yan, Y.N.; Yang, M.; Zhang, J.Z.H. Interaction Entropy for Protein-Protein Binding. J. Chem. Phys. 2017, 146, doi:10.1063/1.4978893.
Kumari, R.; Kumar, R.; Lynn, A. G-Mmpbsa -A GROMACS Tool for High-Throughput MM-PBSA Calculations. J. Chem. Inf. Model. 2014, 54, 1951–1962, doi:10.1021/ci500020m.

This scripts runs in parrallel thanks to the job_pool script 
developed by Vicen Tse (c) and Geoff Clements (c). 

https://github.com/vincetse/shellutils/blob/master/job_pool.sh

The rriec script was developed in gawk version 4.0.2.
It should also work in posterior versions (and most probabably
in previous versions as well).

Copyright (c) 2022 Marcelino Arciniega
  
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
